Rewrite v3 Getting Started docs (#7569)
microsoft/fast: sites/website/src/docs/3.x/getting-started/html-templates.md

```ts
const template = html<MyElement>`
  <span>${(x, c) => x.format(c.index)}</span>
`;
```

:::note
A non-function value passed to `${...}` is treated as a one-time static value and is not re-evaluated.
:::

:::important
Dynamic content is set via the `textContent` HTML property for security reasons. You *cannot* set HTML content this way. See the [Property bindings](#property-bindings) section for the explicit, opt-in mechanism for setting HTML via `:innerHTML`, which is blocked by the default DOMPolicy unless you configure an `innerHTML` guard. Follow the [DOMPolicy and Trusted Types guide](../../advanced/dom-policy-and-trusted-types/) before rendering sanitized HTML.
:::

### Content Bindings

> Content bindings are used to insert dynamic text or HTML content into the template. They are denoted by `${...}` interpolation, with an arrow function as the expression. FAST invokes the function with the current source (typically the component instance) and uses its return value as the bound content. Because the binding is a function, FAST can re-invoke it whenever an observable property it reads from changes.

Reviewer: This contradicts the important note above: `${...}` content bindings set `textContent` and cannot render HTML. Please remove "or HTML", or explicitly say HTML requires `:innerHTML` with the appropriate DOMPolicy/Trusted Types setup.

#### Preventing Default Behavior

FAST automatically calls `event.preventDefault()` after the handler runs. To opt out and allow the default behavior, return `true` from the handler:

```ts
handleClick(event: MouseEvent) {
  console.log("Button clicked!", event);

  return true; // Allow default behavior
}
```

## Host Element Bindings

By default, the content of a template is rendered into the shadow DOM of the component. To apply attributes, properties, or event listeners to the host element itself, use a `<template>` element as the root of the template. The `<template>` represents the host, and any binding placed on it is applied to the host element rather than to the shadow DOM. Content placed inside the `<template>` is still rendered into the shadow DOM as usual.

The simplest case is a static attribute on the host:

```ts
const template = html`
  <template role="progressbar">
    <span>Hello World!</span>
  </template>
`;
```

When rendered, the host element receives the `role` attribute:

```html
<my-element role="progressbar">
  #shadow-root
    <span>Hello World!</span>
</my-element>
```

> If the consumer of the component sets the same attribute on the host directly, the consumer's value takes precedence over the value defined in the template.

Reviewer: Please verify this precedence claim. Template-root attributes are host bindings and can overwrite an initially consumer-set attribute via `setAttribute`, so this may need to describe template attributes as establishing or overwriting the host value instead.

> All of the bindings described in [Template Bindings](#template-bindings) (content, attribute, boolean attribute, property, and event) work on the `<template>` root. For example, a progress bar can mirror its state to ARIA attributes on the host:

Reviewer: Including `content` here is confusing because attributes/properties/events on the root `<template>` apply to the host, but content inside that root renders into the shadow DOM. I’d narrow this to host-applicable bindings.

```suggestion
Host attribute, boolean attribute, property, and event bindings described in [Template Bindings](#template-bindings) work on the `<template>` root. Content placed inside the `<template>` is still rendered into the shadow DOM as usual. For example, a progress bar can mirror its state to ARIA attributes on the host:
```
